So what are we going to build on the scores and scores.
We're going to start off with preparing our environment to work with Python and both of three.
And of course a WS.
So we'll first start with preparing our environment and credentials getting from AWOS So we're going
to go to I am from AWOS our identity and access management and we're going to create ourselves a user.
And after we finish with that we're going to create ourselves A W-S credential so that we can access
AWOS benefits programmatically.
So once we get the credentials we're going to set those credentials to our environment using a WSC a
lie which brings us to the installation of a a lie and I'm going to be showing you the on Mac OS and
Windows.
And after we set up our environment we're going to launch our I.D. and we're going to start implementing
our solution on us and our solutions starting from Arley Yes.
So for RLDS what we're going to need is we're going to need some D-B subnet groups and security groups
so that we can place our Ardis instance within those.
So once we have our security groups and support groups for our D-B instance we're going to be able to
launch our post-career siecle RDX instance with a W-S environment.
And for that environment we're going to be using E.U. 3 or Paris region.
And once we finish with our RDA assistance we're going to move on to Dynamo D-B.
So for Dynamo D-B since it's a global solution from a double U.S. We're going to launch our tables on
dynamo D-B.
We're going to provide a table name and we're going to provide a provision throughput which is same
thing for IOPS on AWOS.
And then we're going to provide the key schema.
And the last part of the table definition is the attribute definitions.
So we're going to provide every single key and what the type of value they're expecting to get to and
once we're done with that we're going to learn how to describe how to modify and how to operate a table
on dynamo D.B and the same thing goes for our Yes we're going to learn how to take a snapshot or backup
in general cases from our.
And we're willing to learn how to restore a database from an existing snapshot or a backup.
And we're also going to learn how we can modify our D.S. instance on AWOS.
And of course without saying we're all going to learn how to describe the resources on a double unit
for both our ideas and Dynamo D-B.
So again this is going to be we're a hands on cause and I'm hoping you're going to like it because there
is such a great content waiting for you site.